docs: Add the doc about how to move to the new machine (#12)
cheqd/docs: docs/validator-guide/how-to-move-node.md

- **Make sure that service was stopped. It's extremely significant cause if you run 2 nodes with the same private keys it will tombstone your account, you will lose your current delegated tokens and you will need to create another one in this case.**

## Installation

After previous action, the installation can be started. In general, new installer allows us to install the binary and download/extract the latest snapshot from [https://snapshots.cheqd.net/](https://snapshots.cheqd.net/). Only moving back your keys and settings will be required after it.

### Installation with the latest snapshot

The answers for installer quiestion could be:

#### Version

```text
1) v0.6.0
2) v0.6.0-rc3
3) v0.6.0-rc2
4) v0.6.0-rc1
5) v0.5.0
Choose the appropriate list option number above to select the version of cheqd-node to install [default: 1]:
```

Here you can pick up the version what you want.

#### Home directory

`Set path for cheqd user's home directory [default: /home/cheqd]:`.
  
This is essentialy a question about where the home directory,  `.cheqdnode`, is located or will be.

> I's also up to operator where they want to store `data`, `config` and `log` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also up to operator where they want to store `data`, `config` and `log` directories.
```

yes
```

## Post-install steps

### Copy your settings

In case if installation process was successful, the next step is to get back the configurations from [preparation steps](#preparations):

- Copy `config` directory to the `CHEQD_HOME_DIRECTORY/.cheqdnode/`
- Copy `data/priv_validator_state.json` to the `CHEQD_HOME_DIRECTORY/.cheqdnode/data`
- Make sure that permissions are `cheqd:cheqd` for `CHEQD_HOME_DIRECTORY/.cheqdnode` directory. For setting it the next command can help `$ sudo chown -R cheqd:cheqd CHEQD_HOME_DIRECTORY/.cheqdnode`

Where `CHEQD_HOME_DIRECTORY` is the home directory for `cheqd` user. By default it's `/home/cheqd` or what you answered while installation for the 2nd question.

### Set up external address

You need to specify here new external address by calling the next command under the `cheqd` user:

```bash
sudo su cheqd
cheqd-noded configure p2p external-address <your-new-external-address>
```

### Check that service works

The latest thing in this doc is to run the service and check that all works fine.

> 

Reviewer: Can we remind here again about stopping an old node?
